Fix typo on "configure TSDB block upload" page. (#4113)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/operators-guide/configure/configure-tsdb-block-upload.md

Grafana Mimir supports uploading of historic TSDB blocks, sourced from Prometheus, Cortex, or even other
Grafana Mimir installations. Upload from Thanos is currently not supported; for more information, see [Known limitations of TSDB block upload]({{< relref "#known-limitations-of-tsdb-block-upload" >}}).

> To make performing block upload simple, we've built support for it into Mimir's CLI tool, [mimirtool]({{< relref "../tools/mimirtool.md" >}}). See the [mimirtool backfill]({{< relref "../tools/mimirtool.md#backfill" >}}) documentation to learn more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make performing block upload simple, we've built support for it into Mimir's CLI tool, [mimirtool]({{< relref "../tools/mimirtool.md" >}}). For more information, see [mimirtool backfill]({{< relref "../tools/mimirtool.md#backfill" >}}).
```
